You
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're feeling with essentially a worst-case
scenario. I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case
I think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying. We don't even recognize the truth no more than society. We want everybody to feel good. That's not that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying. You know you can sort of feel it in people. And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie. I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. We don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar.
I just want to be a liar.
Lilian.
Lilian we're so busy.
It's also great.
Lilian.
It's like, what in the world, man?
MUSIC
Well, good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm really excited to be here this afternoon.
It's hard to say that this is some kind of work.
When you get the opportunity to talk to someone like Thomas
Binder, M.D., from Switzerland,
it is a rare opportunity to talk to someone who wasn't enchanted
by this elaborate theater.
It wasn't trapped inside of it.
Thomas Binder is somebody that, since the very beginning
of my knowing who he was,
he was at the top of the wave up here.
He has been staying focused on the biology.
He hasn't taken the bait on television,
and he's loved his neighbors.
That's how we get through this,
and I think more than almost anyone,
except for maybe Mike Eden or somebody else,
I really have been following Thomas for a long time,
and it is a great privilege to be able to talk to him today.
You can find all of the stuff that I do at giggleandbiological.com.
I'm not going to waste time running through that too long.
Thank you very much to the people that subscribe.
I am going to go rather quick, and I'll put that up at the end.
This is a production of the Independent Bright Web,
not to be confused with the Intellectual Dark Web.
We are a group of people that's just trying to get the truth out,
and the truth is that this is an illusion that is sustained
only through your active participation,
and so we've all got to help each other to drop our hands
from our faces and to engage in united non-compliance.
I'm hoping that our guest is going to be able to give us
a unique insight into what he saw in Switzerland
and looking outward toward the rest of Europe
and toward the rest of the world.
What he saw on TV, what he saw on social media
that would have led people in Switzerland to believe
that a pandemic was even occurring.
You guys are very familiar with the fact that
we more or less were told
that hello, this is giggleandbiological,
a high-resistance low-noise information brief
brought to you by a biologist.
We were told in the United States that something terrible was happening
in New York City, and if we didn't lock down for 15 or 30 days
of close schools, that what happened in New York City
was going to spread all around the United States
and luckily, despite all of the resistance
and all of the conservative idiocy
and all of Trump's missteps,
we were able to somehow avoid what happened
in New York City happening everywhere else in America,
and we haven't been able to really get
a good explanation for that,
and I'm wondering what they saw in Switzerland.
I'm wondering what they used as a worst-case scenario
over there, and without further introduction,
I'm just going to slide this window.
I've got to push you over here.
That means I need to pull this window up over there
and make it big.
Hello, Thomas.
I'm going to switch over to this side.
I'll put myself on the bottom down here,
and if you could just introduce yourself,
a lot of people on the watch of my stream
would already know who you are,
and then just kind of, you know,
tell us where you're at
and what you think is the best way out
because I think that's where we need to go as quick as possible.
We only have you for, like, an hour,
and I want to talk about forward-thinking solutions
to the problem that we're in,
but welcome.
Thank you very much for being here.
Hi, Jay.
Thank you for having me and for your more-than-kind introduction,
of course.
Yeah, well, I study medicine in Zurich, Switzerland,
and I was not sure whether I should go into research
or into clinics, so I spent a year in the department
for immunology and virology,
and I wrote my thesis there,
so I have the background in that area as well.
But then I decided,
I should become a clinician,
so I specialized person in internal medicine
and then in cardiology.
During that time,
I worked in hospitals for about 10 years,
and then I was always the kind to question the authority.
This is not a good idea if you want to make
an academic career,
so I decided very early
that I would get a broad education
as broad as possible,
but then I should become,
should I open my private practice,
and I did this 26 years ago.
I'm working in my cardiology practice
where I'm sitting now here in Beijing
that's also close to Zurich in Switzerland,
and I'm also somewhat an internist at GP
for some of my cardiology patients.
Yeah, well, it was the same everywhere, of course.
I mean, the first confrontation with these alleged pandemic,
also in Switzerland, of course,
were these pictures, these videos from Wuhan,
but they found immediately, instantly, they are strange.
I mean, they were, that was really too much.
I mean, these hordes running around in penguin suits,
they were cannon, they showed us cannons mounted on lorries
that sprayed something in the air,
allegedly disinfectants,
and people that allegedly died suddenly in the streets,
but if you looked at these YouTube videos,
you saw, you realized that they are always landing on their hands,
but this was all fake.
This I realized instantly,
that these are not measures against the virus,
these are pictures that are directed against the people,
propaganda.
At that time, of course, I didn't know whether these propaganda
was directed against the Chinese populace
and just spread around the world or against the whole,
populace of the whole world,
but I smelled, there is something wrong going on,
and of course, it reminded me of the last alleged pandemic,
the scam, that was the swine flu scam in 2009,
but then there was rather silence here in Switzerland
for about a month,
and then suddenly, some time in February,
I woke up with the news, now the virus is in Berger.
Berger is in northern Italy,
about 15 kilometers from the Swiss border where I live,
so the Swiss were terrified, of course,
and at the same time, we got information from Wuhan
that they were successful in their heroic war against the virus.
So I was amazed how obviously almost everybody here in Switzerland
thought, well, then we have to do the same as the Chinese state,
we have to install the same unscientific insane measures
against the virus that I couldn't understand the world,
because in everything I had learned in medical school,
during my scientific education,
in my practical medical efforts turned upside down overnight.
So I instantly realized, probably because I have these combined scientific
and practical background, the broad education,
and of course, I took the red pill years ago, not so.
I guess in about 2007, I saw the collapse of World Trade Center building 7,
and then I realized that the official conspiracy about 9-11,
that the 9-11, 20 Muslims on with box cultures overcame the whole USA
and the laws of nature is nonsense, then I checked the climate story,
and there also, you need to have three unwashed grains,
connected grain cells to realize also this is a scam.
Yeah, and so on and so forth.
So I was, of course, prepared.
I knew that if something big like this happens,
this is wrong until proven otherwise.
And the first thing I realized was the wrong indication to test.
How did we treat the flu or the cold?
Before 2020, these are usually self-limiting diseases,
so we treat ourselves, we stay a term, and after seven days it's old.
And only in severe cases, if it gets worse, maybe after five days or so,
we went to GP and then he maybe diagnosed the secondary complicating bacteria of pneumonia
that could still be treated with antibiotics on an outpatient basis.
And only if you really got sick, life-threatening sick,
the GP sent us to the hospital at only at that stage,
we tested for a causative virus.
Because before this, it's absolutely not important
that we are suffering from influenza, Corona, B19, SARS-CoV-2, or whatever,
because it has no therapeutic and no prognostic consequences.
So only at that stage we tested, because if there's really the risk to die,
then we want to treat specifically, and then we have to know the causative virus.
Wow, that has never been so succinctly stated for me.
That's fantastic.
Wow.
Yes, I always was amazed.
I mean, when you're talking about the nonsense PCR test,
but even before this comes the wrong indication to test.
And I could not understand why not every clinician realized this.
I mean, now everybody who only failed the sore throat,
run to the hospital, please, please, have me test me, test me.
Maybe I have to die, and not only to die, but to suffer chemiscerably.
This never happened.
My practice was almost empty.
I saw almost no flu patients in that season, because everybody with the sore throat
run to the hospital.
And then of course, some places say that the emergency departments,
at least, were overcrowded with people suffering from a cold.
Yeah.
And then the next, of course, already in March, I tweeted,
the test is the disease, not the virus.
I mean, the proof of usually, if you wanted to test for an infection,
we measured the antibody.
But GIGM subclass for acute infections, IGG for chronic infections,
because only these tests prove that the body struggled with the virus.
So the so created antibodies.
So this is a proof for infection.
Either acute or chronic.
But here they used the PCR test.
And already about 20 years ago, I didn't like these tests.
When I was young, when I was an intern, that the diagnosis was viral pneumonia.
Usually we had no idea what was the causative term.
And then about 20 years ago, I think they started to taste.
So when you, when you are hospitalized with a viral pneumonia,
they do a PCR on some, on some viruses, not the fall.
And usually they choose the one with the lowest CT to be the causative term.
But this can never be approved.
The PCR test is no test for infection.
The PCR PCR or the hardy PCR, if you want to look for RNA.
These are tests for these tests.
It's a test for the presence of a certain amount of a certain part of the genome of a, of a, of a term.
So this, the wrong, this was also the wrong testing method.
I mean, even, even if it was a 100% sensitive and specific test,
these tests alone would never prove an infection.
Of course, if there is a high amount of virus, for example,
a CT, a PCR, or the PCR test for SARS-CoV-2 would get a result of CT 17
and the worm against the influence of 30.
Then, and then if the symptoms are consistent with, with, with, with this diagnosis,
then highly likely SARS-CoV-2 would be the causative term,
but it could never be approved.
And here they didn't absolutely consider the clinical conditions,
the symptoms of the patients or the clinical findings.
There is no single clinical radiologic or whatever proof of a, of a, of a, of a SARS-CoV-2.
The SARS-CoV-2 infection with SARS-CoV-2 called COVID-19.
The PCR test, even if it's a good one, is only a, a, a piece of the parts of the,
in the diagnostic puzzle.
And then I went deeper into these PCR tests.
And the area I found is corn and drowson protocol.
I published in the journal Euro Surveillance.
I guess in about January 20th, on January 21st, 2020.
And I mean, you must say, this is the worst possible RTPCR test for SARS-CoV-2.
How did, how did all the people on that paper end up coming together?
Like who, who was the impetus between like, hey, calling up, I mean,
that, that list of people on there is quite, I don't know.
It's a motley crew of people.
It's not just a bunch of guys from Switzerland.
How did, how did that author list get assembled?
You mean the, the corn and drosson?
Yeah.
Paper.
Well, the, the, the drosson, drosson is an important figure.
You guys in the USA must realize there is not only four C, drosson is much worse.
Because drosson is the inventor.
I mean, we took it with corman, corman, drosson, et al.
But today invented this nonsense, RTPCR testing protocol.
And he's also an inventor of drosson.
It earlier wrote a letter to the New England Journal of Medicine.
It was published on January 30th, I think, 2020.
And there they propagated the myth of epidemiologically relevant asymptomatic
transmission.
So drosson is really at the core of this whole scam.
Oh, no.
No, I get the.
Absolutely.
I get that.
Absolutely get that.
He actually was the one who first defined also the PCR test for the original
virus and saw in 2002.
I'm just curious how the, the opposition paper that you were on about the,
the primer dimers and that kind of thing.
How did you and Mike Eden get together on that paper?
Did you know each other previously?
Yeah.
I was asked by, but this was somewhat later, we published the external peer
review of the common drosson protocol in November, 2020.
I was asked by Peter Borger from the Netherlands to join.
Well, I mean, I must state, of course, I'm not a PCR guy.
No, it's okay.
That's exactly what I was asking.
I know the method.
I know the indication.
I know what he can and what he does, what he does.
Okay.
For this, we had great PCR guys.
We had to read a camera from Germany and then, uh, Kevin McKernan, who became
famous again.
The recently when he was the first who discovered the contamination with
past media and I from the manufacturing process.
So I was, I was mainly asked as one of the earliest in light tuners to join
this.
I see my contribution was mainly in the event of two or three months later,
I was published in the tandem and that there is a clinical section or
section E.
That is about clinical aspect.
I see.
And that this is main.
This is mostly written by me.
So this is about the wrong indication to test and the wrong test.
So I, I, my contribution was in the event.
In the, in the first, in the external period, we played.
I honestly, I just proved we're right.
It's.
No, no, I get it.
Yep.
I was just.
When I look back on that paper, it's, it's remarkable to me how many,
how many people are on that paper that went on to, you know,
fight various aspects of this for a long time.
It was a gathering.
It was a gathering of, of, of early people who went public early,
mainly.
And of course some PCR tracks.
Right.
Very cool.
Well, in the meantime, maybe, maybe if there's not everybody knows this,
there was a slander.
I mean, I published in the rocks.
Of course, I could not reach out to journalists.
I mean, at the start, I thought, yeah, well, we have to publish,
make this public.
And then the course out is prevailing corona, corona nonsense narrative
field.
Fresh.
But, but I never got an answer when I sent email to journalists to
fellow doctors, even not to them to, to politicians.
And I never got even an answer like Thomas, you're crazy or so,
just no answer.
This was, this was spooky, spooky.
Interesting.
And so I intensified my activities in the social media.
I wrote box and the first day before Easter 2020, I wrote a huge
book where I once again explained the wrong indication to taste,
wrong taste.
I did like, you know, epidemiological, relevant, asymptomatic
transmission.
Also, these piece that the CFR nonsense side, they sold at that
point.
And they told us the CFR, the case fatality rate in Switzerland is
about 2%.
My, my, of course, every pupil understands that important is not
the CFR, but the IFR, the infection fatality rate that highly likely
is 100 times or so long, not lower because of the great many
number of, um, undetected cases.
So I already at that time, I stated this virus is not more dangerous
than in France.
I highly like even less dangerous in the range of other, you know,
of his brothers and cis brother and sisters coronaviruses about
0.02%.
I stated already in March 2020.
Yeah, I was right.
But then a good acquaintance of mine.
Whom I have also, whom I wrote sent these emails as well who I tried
to inform.
In these, in the things I wrote, he projected threats, threats to
the government, threats to the society.
I stayed here.
For example, this virus is not so dangerous, et cetera.
And so he called another good acquaintance of mine.
Actually, the prime minister of the Comton Arc.
This is the province in Switzerland where I live and on the phone.
And he made three allegations.
Allegation one was I was a threat for the government for the
society.
I was armed and I had a psychiatric history.
And then on the phone, on the phone, they decided they do not want
to call me.
Hey Thomas, we do not understand what you want to explain us.
Please could we meet for a corona and we can ask you and you can
explain it just now.
They decided to call the chief of the state police and he started
an operation on Saturday evening.
I did some final work in my practice here in Switzerland and
I'm sitting here.
So that's sad today.
It's four years ago.
I'm used to sad today.
And before I want to go on holiday, I had some final work to do.
And at about 10 o'clock in the evening, I was arrested here in
my practice by an anti terrorist unit about 20 policemen were
involved in the whole operation.
60 policemen were involved because at the same time, they
had to go check it all five minutes.
So far.
Provincial government and they even close the train station.
That is opposite to my practice for some hours because of the
bail known, but.
Fundamentalist terrorist doctor Thomas Binder.
Yeah, it was ridiculous.
Now, can I interrupt here and just say that in America, it feels
like this would be easy to do because America is so fractured
and the cities are so big, but I did a postdoc in Lausanne and
I have the feeling just the size of the communities in Switzerland
and the language, the way the language works there and how
everybody is so tightly knit.
How could they get away with this?
You must have had a reputation of not being crazy, right?
You would live there your whole life.
I mean, how could this not have huge ramifications for the
truth or did it?
I mean.
Maybe I have to continue just a little bit.
Okay.
Yes.
Sorry.
After an hour after an hour, they realized all these three
allegations were wrong.
I had no gun at all.
I had the gun at home, but these were stored at home.
This was the gun I got in 1980.
Then I entered the Swiss military service and then I left
military about 15 years ago.
As a prime lieutenant at that time, I stored the weapon at home
without ammunition.
This is legal and absolutely no in Switzerland.
But I didn't carry a gun on me.
And I had no psychiatric history and they could not show me
any single threat in all I had to read.
There were there are 100 pages or 200 pages,
Twitter, Twitter and all of all these stuff all around.
Yeah.
But then they did not send me home.
They did not apologize.
They obviously there is.
Oh, my God.
False alarm.
60 policemen.
This will go public because I I sent the message when I realized
the police is there and I sent the message in Twitter.
The country the police is is is arresting me is coming
off to me.
And this created some huge interest.
So I created quite a good quite huge interest.
And so probably they have to think of how could we get
out there and they sent a fellow doctor to me and emergency
doctor and she had to check whether I was able to be arrested
or physically able.
Although they could not even arrest me, shouldn't arrest
warrant.
They could not put me in prison because I did nothing unlawful.
After now they had realized that I did nothing unlawful.
And she decided I was Corona insane.
Yeah.
But I mean, you must imagine at that time,
she was such a FFP, hard to hardcore mosque.
And when I entered her room, she shouted out, put on the mosque,
put on the master virus, the virus.
So these fellow doctor had to check my mental status.
I had in the normal world, I would have had to check her mental
status.
I mean, I did such examinations for involuntary commitment
myself.
Maybe one hundred times in my life or so.
Yeah.
But the first question was what is the date?
Yes.
It answered April 11, 2020.
It may be the first question or so.
What is the current year?
And this was not very intelligent, of course.
But it was a kind of silent protest.
Then I answered 1984.
No, really.
That's no joke.
I believe that it's fantastic.
And she, yeah.
And she decided, yes, I am Corona insane.
So she didn't enter the new diagnosis, Corona insanity.
And to be insane, if you are insane, you can still be kind people.
For involuntary commitment, you must also endangering others or be
self-intangling.
So as I know, I was not in danger in others.
She said I was self-intangling.
Although two days or so before I tweeted something like,
I'm 58 years old sports and no medication.
I would never have a commit suicide.
Because I realized, of course, this was very spooky.
And that I could go some risk if I go public.
That could be some risk if I go public.
Yeah.
Then they put me into close psychiatry for six days.
The 36 hours in the padded cell.
They had a psychiatrist diagnosed mania.
I appealed and called and I was released.
But they, because I had mania, they said, well, you're a doctor.
You want to work.
Who stay in the psychiatric hospital for six weeks to have treated
your mania or you may leave.
But you must need to believe you're neurolaptic.
And whether you take it or not is checked every week by a bot level
check.
So I chose the second decision.
After I left, I restarted to work.
They could never really do me harm because I never did anything
like that.
And I never said something that was not 100% scientific
or evidence based.
At least not evidence based in the current.
Currently accepted scientific belief system.
So number two, number two was go home and take medicine or go.
I didn't understand.
Yes.
Yeah.
I did this.
Of course, I mean, I took two tablets of ability by the day before they
did the blood check.
And so this.
And then after three weeks, I checked my liver and enzymes and
happily my liver and times went up about three times.
So I could stop it.
And at the same time, I could release me from this state
psychiatry change to a private to the psychiatrist because, of
course, also the health authorities.
They wanted to the psychiatry report every about six weeks by
a psychiatrist that I'm mentally able to treat to see and treat
patients.
Yeah.
I mean, my case shows nicely what's going on.
Obviously, the society is divided like we had never seen before.
And this never happens by accident.
This means that the part, the huge part of society is living in
the context of delusion in a coat or in a sec.
And of course, everybody says, no, I have the real least you are
living in a coat.
So in this situation, we must always question ourselves and
I did this, of course, 100 times before I went public.
Am I absolutely sure that I'm the real least and not to the
root?
And to answer, you can only answer these questions.
Am I the real least or the deluded by looking at the reality as
possibly as possible that these worlds is what I need.
I informed the public about the reality.
From my, I, my view on the reality so that the public could
decide who is right and who is wrong or at least to his close
to the reality and then to not.
I mean, this is, this is what was amazing, but what everybody
should have realized also.
I mean, we had never been in the climate scam.
It is about the same, right?
We had never any public call, public scientific debate.
And then usually, I mean, for example, especially the public
broadcasters are the problems that that some yellow press is
lying, the people can understand.
But especially here in Europe, in almost every country,
there are public broadcasters that are paid by us.
We are obliged to pay them.
And so it's, for example, one Swiss franc per day so that they
are independent and they have the duty.
This is even written in the law to inform us objectively as
objectively as possible.
And they never presented our view on this.
A life pandemic, never ever.
And there was never a scientific debate.
Or if he asked the other side, nobody, nobody, not a single
one was ever ready for a public scientific debate.
Strange as hell, I mean, if you are sure to have to be right,
why not engage in such a public debate?
You can, you can crush the other side.
Huh?
If you're right.
If you're wrong, maybe you risk to be destroyed.
Yeah.
Then, of course, I realized, yeah, you cannot fight alone.
Maybe I have to state as well.
Before I went to public, I mean, I was sure I was right.
But I could not be only 99% sure as a doctor when I went
public because if I was wrong and the tsunami had arrived,
I would have been destroyed as a doctor.
And at that time, I was looking for other doctors who did the
same.
And I found Souchari Bock.
I found his video, YouTube video, where he speaks to the
Chancellor Merkel of Germany.
And he also Souchari, at that time, he was rather naive.
It's not true.
I don't want to be unkind, but he states it as well.
Of course, he thought, yeah, well, I have to spread this
information.
And Chancellor Merkel, we don't understand it.
This nonsense will be over.
So we all were somewhat naive, some a little bit more,
some a little bit less.
For example, my kid in all my states, I was a normie until
2020.
So he didn't take the red pill before him.
So, of course, if you didn't take the red pill before,
it usually takes longer to accept, I mean, in the end,
we have to accept that, obviously, our own government,
even the Swiss government, here in Heidi Land, that even the
Swiss government is waging war against its own populace.
This is hard to believe and even harder to swallow.
Yeah.
And I realize, of course, that there is, for example, stage
terrorism, etc.
But this never happened in Switzerland.
I mean, the Swiss government also corrodes into the CO2 scam,
but there was never ever stage terrorism in Switzerland.
So I always thought, yeah, the Swiss government, they have some
limits.
They won't do anything, everything.
But in this COVID pandemic, they followed the orders of the
powers that he has as in every other country.
A lot of those powers that be are actually in your country,
which kind of, I mean, how does that feel?
That is exactly what I wanted to say now.
Look at Switzerland.
Switzerland is actually at the core of evil.
I mean, all these evil organizations are located in Switzerland.
And they are all granted immunity by our criminal government.
So, I mean, just think about this.
I should have an organization have immunity in an organization
like the WHO, the World Economic Forum, the Army, etc.
Why should they have immunity if they were not criminal?
Why should the person that is not criminal or an organization that
is not criminal, want to have immunity?
Yeah.
So no, go ahead.
No.
I was writing something down.
I realized I cannot fight alone.
I met her during Switzerland.
I joined the network of doctors and scientists.
Of course, I was a member of the board for sometimes there.
It's called Alethea.
After the Greek goddess of truth.
I joined doctors for COVID ethics.
And we've already mentioned was a part of this external period
of the German, of the Carmen Drossman Review Report.
I always also joined the German network of doctors and scientists.
And to you, a great friend of mine is now, of course,
Sücheri Bakhti.
Actually, we had the same teacher.
This is quite interesting.
Sücheri is about 15 or so years older than me.
He started in Bonn.
And at that time, his teacher in internal medicine was the Swiss professor
Walter Seagenthal.
And this was absolutely the track of the differential diagnosis.
This is his book in German.
He wrote this book.
He was in Europe, especially in German, speaking countries,
but in the whole Europe, he was the crack in differential diagnosis
in internal medicine.
And I actually had 15 years later, the same professor.
I started in Zurich.
This is Dr. Seagenthal, Professor Seagenthal, the Swiss professor,
that came back to Zurich because this is even a larger university than Bonn.
And there also, I started.
And Sücheri was one of his assistants I liked, and I was later in Zurich.
This was quite interesting.
He asked Sücheri whether he would join him into Switzerland,
but Sücheri at that time decided to go into research.
He became a microbiologist.
And he asked me also to stay there, but I decided to specialize in cardiology.
But this is an interesting coincidence.
And this is especially what was staying out at that time.
The differential diagnosis.
There was no longer any differential diagnosis of acute respiratory infections.
It was just COVID.
Everything was COVID, especially acute respiratory infections.
But then, of course, all other other other diagnoses were mislabeled as as
COVID by these nonsense RTPs.
Because theoretically, if you have one virus, if you run it at city 35 to 45,
that was done.
And there were studies that above 25 or 26 or so, they could not cultivate virus.
It could be above 25, 26 or so.
There is no even cultivable virus around.
So they cannot be an infection at that city.
In that city or an infection, they have maybe 15 to 20 or so city.
Have you considered the possibility that with bad, let's say,
over general targeting of certain motifs or, you know, certain epitopes,
whatever, whatever amplicon they choose.
If they didn't choose, choose an amplicon that was specific enough,
they could be confounding a background signal that was always there with spread of
something new.
Okay.
Exactly.
This was the big point.
As I stated, there might be a good PCR test with almost 100% specificity.
But in Germany, there was a laboratory laboratory survey already in summer.
2020.
And that is the specificity of the common drought and RTPCR test was 98.6%.
98.6%.
But the specificity went down exactly as you said in the presence of other corona
viruses.
It went down to 92.4%.
So of course, during the summer.
And I think this also even I treated it again yesterday or two days ago.
Even nowadays, even people who call themselves experts.
Do not realize what the specificity, for example, of 99% means.
What is the meaning of this?
That the meaning of the specificity is highly dependent on the prevalence of the
virus.
So if the prevalence of the virus is zero or close to zero.
All positive RTPCR tests are almost all are.
A false positive.
I explain it to lay people like this.
If you do an RTPCR test in 10,000 males, that is 99% specifically get 100 positive
tests.
And because the pregnancy of prevalence in men is zero, like the prevalence of
coronaviruses, beta, corona, common cold viruses in the summer is zero or close to zero.
All those 100 tests, 100% of the positive test of all positives.
So we saw this.
May I share my screen?
I have to set it.
But yes, you definitely can.
Let me just give a click here.
Because there is really there is something.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, maybe.
I think in three to, oh, J.J.
Look, our correspondent.
Yeah, I think it's there.
Yeah.
I like this because a picture paints a thousand birds.
Because if you only look at this graph, you understand that it was mainly at least an
RTPCR testing pandemic.
This is actually the ICU bed monitoring in Switzerland.
It was done by the ETH, one of the most famous universities in Switzerland,
even all over the world, especially famous also in the climate scam.
There you see the ICU bed occupancy and you see the dates.
And there is a black curve that is the total ICU bed occupants.
I'm so around here between about 600 and 900.
We always had a hump in the winter in the ICU because these are, of course, the acute
respiratory infections whose worst cases must be ventilated mechanical and intensive care
units.
So we always had to have spare beds of about 20% to manage this hump we have in the winter.
And then you see a green curve.
These are the non-COVID patients and the orange curve.
These are the orange, the COVID patients.
And now look what happens there for example, in the summer of 2020.
You had this pulse positivity rate of about 1%, about 1% of all tests were false positives
corresponding to the about 99% specificity like I explained before.
And then suddenly here it was in October.
COVID patients arrive in the ICU.
This curve goes up very steeply.
And then what would you expect?
So of course if COVID patients arrive, the number of myocardial infarction, strokes, victims
of severe car accidents, et cetera.
So the green line will continue straight like this and maybe at some time it would go down
a little bit because if you postpone for example operations because you have no more
ICU capacity.
But we see also this curve here, the dotted line.
These are the total ICU beds.
They increased it at the start to 1500 beds and during the alleged pandemic of the century
they already decreased it.
And you see that the difference between these two curves, the dotted line at the back curve,
from this you see there's never been any overcrowding of the ICUs in Switzerland of course.
There has always been local overcrowding of an ICU.
Of course if we have certainly 10 patients that must be ventilated due to bacterial pneumonia
or if there is a car accident with 10 severely injured then of course a local ICU is overcrowded.
But already as a resident I sometimes had to call for an hour to find an ICU bed for a patient.
This has never always been like this.
But you see what you see that at the very same moment that the orange curve goes down, the
green curve goes up, the green curve goes down and it's a versa.
These two curves are almost complete in mirror images.
And the total number of ICU beds are part of this hump.
Inlet is not unchanged.
So how can you possibly explain this?
So is there if this patient, the new patient arrives in the ICU, a super natural instance,
probably got a lot more to call it God.
He decides to postpone my car to any function, pulmonary embolism, the car accident,
or is the solution not that simple?
That everybody who enters the hospital is tested.
If this nonsense or TPCR test I always state rolling a dice is cheaper and less invasive.
And then if you are in the hospital because of my carding and fortune,
after one day the test results comes in, test results comes in positive,
positive, talking switch in the orange curve.
This is up.
This alone is 100% proof that this was mainly an RTPCR test in pandemic.
I stated this since October when I saw this at that stage already.
I stated this.
Look at this.
This alone is the proof.
But at least nobody ever there to come to take me.
I never got, I never lost it.
I want to ask in the overtime, it became even more obvious.
I mean, look at this.
I want to ask a big question here because I just a hypothetical, you as a doctor,
if at this stage in the pandemic, I don't know if you can see my arrow or not,
but at this stage in the pandemic where you're saying that all these COVID patients show up,
but then the actual number of adults that are non-COVID in the ICU plummets
and that sort of mirror image all the way around here,
can you imagine a sense, what would happen if all of these people who came into a hospital,
diagnosed for COVID were measured in their pulse with a pulse oximeter
and given supplementary oxygen?
Would that do good for most of those patients or would that be a dangerous thing to do
for anybody that comes in and tests positive, give them oxygen?
Yes, of course.
Oxygen is toxic, but in higher amounts, of course, if you're not integrated,
you may not inhale that much oxygen that becomes toxic.
Because we found people in America that were brought in
and because there was a shortage of ventilators or whatever excuse they gave,
they gave them like 10 liters of oxygen a minute through these nasal things.
And then it was that that these people seemed to have dried out,
and then now we need to put you on a ventilator because it's so painful.
Yes, and I heard that below, if the saturation went below 90,
they just as a reflex intubated them.
I mean, this again is this belief in figures.
You have to watch the patient, how is the patient?
Maybe 85 or even lower is terrible for quite a long time or even lower.
I mean, you cannot just treat the patients according to a figure,
but maybe one thing I have to state.
Okay.
I mean, in the ICU, of course, not everybody on this orange curve
at the diagnosis COVID.
The problem is there was direct reporting and highly like in every country
of the PCR positive PCR test results to the authorities.
So the laboratories told send all positive test results to the authorities.
And then they sent the results to the legacy media and they published these case numbers.
The physicians, the treating physicians were not asked in this.
Is these three are these patients really suffering from COVID?
So this was always a huge, although a huge mistake.
Also a huge mistake.
Of course, the doctor must decide what to do with the diagnosis.
And then he must inform the health authorities about the diagnosis.
But they bypassed this by the laboratory, sending the testing results directly to the authorities.
So not everybody working in the ICU was a criminal.
I think they realized that not they have not that many patients, but suffering from COVID.
But obviously nobody looked at this curve at this graph.
I don't know.
It's hard to say.
But as you say, I'm sure there were people killed in the hospitals.
There was mistreat, but there was also too late diagnosis.
I mean, many say about we saw so many people before I clones.
Well, I answered.
We always had some patients with my clones always.
But maybe one or much or two.
Now they maybe had 10 or 20.
But could the explanation not simply be what I stated before?
The patients who got worse, who got bacteria, pneumonia, they didn't go to the cheap.
They were told, I'll stay at home.
You have COVID.
We cannot help you.
Go to the hospital and you are really, really close to the end of life when you have blue lips.
So maybe at only at that time, maybe at the 10th, 14 or even more days.
Severe bacteria, pneumonia was diagnosed too late.
Maybe already with Sears, with multi organ failure and all that.
So I'm quite sure that many of the alleged severe COVID patients were.
It's pulmonary bacteria, pneumonia or trombo.
I mean, in America, Dr. Binder, it's not treated too late.
Sorry.
No, Dr. Binder, in America, they said it for years on television.
There are still people saying it on social media now that viral pneumonia.
Viral pneumonia can't be treated with antibiotics.
So these doctors have been led to believe that if the PCR dings positive,
then it's a viral pneumonia, which can't respond to antibiotics.
And so the whole possibility is actually off the table, which is an extraordinary.
It's almost like, how can you be so incompetent as a professional to not see that shell game?
I mean, but they did.
This is what I stated before.
It was always a duty in cases that got worse.
Too different to try to differentiate as good as possible.
For example, CPR is one is one of the factor.
If the CPR is CPR.
It's okay.
If PCR is 56 years old, probably it's a viral infection.
But if it's 200, 300, 400, the likelihood for a bacterial infection is always great.
So it was always a duty to differentiate viral from bacterial infection,
because, yeah, as your viral infections, we cannot treat only supportive risks.
There are some antivirals, but this was also always amazing.
They never worked really.
Antibiotics work.
They work really good.
You can cultivate bacteria on an auger plate.
You can put some antibiotics on it and you see how the bacteria are killed.
This we cannot see, of course, with viruses.
And all these antivirals, they do not really work.
They work only the first day.
These also, I mean, they applied them after 10, 14 days or so when there is usually no more viral replication,
so that they cannot at that stage, they cannot work.
But they gave a friend a severe, highly toxic.
And there it's severe.
They could not work at that stage at all.
And detoxify KTP.
This differential diagnosis mainly between viral and bacterial infection.
Do we have to choose antibiotics or not?
This usually did no longer happen.
This did not happen.
But it's also interesting was in the first protocols.
Often there was included eritromycin.
Eritromycin is a good antibiotic against community diet in pneumonia.
For some years, it was the first line drug in Switzerland against community type pneumonia
because it covers also my completions, for example.
Nowadays, it's a moxysylin post-covalain acid.
But yeah, it was also amazed that these included antibiotics and they were said to work.
So maybe in the only many patients, they worked because they included an antibiotic.
And the bernirocure told me that in the states, in some regions, the antibiotic prescriptions at that time,
plummeted by 50%.
Oh, yeah.
Some places even approved.
So why should there be less bacterial pneumonia than before?
I didn't like it ever even more because they were diagnosed too late.
Exactly.
The opposite should have happened.
The antibiotic prescriptions should have increased.
This is not the proof for this.
Yeah, absolutely.
Wow.
Well done.
Yeah.
I mean, what was also obvious very early was that there were, I mean,
all I always say that during these times of total disease, that disease,
the seed we have to check the only heart data and heart data is mortality,
mortality.
So why was there excess mortality in spring 2020 in some countries?
And the very unusual shape, huge short spikes by the neighboring countries,
even in neighboring countries.
There was no, that's the virus.
If it was reported, this may not answer.
I mean, even if there is a wall between the, for example, in Canada and Canada,
there was no excess mortality in spring 2020 in the USA, there was.
Although there is a 8,000 or so kilometer border between those two countries.
I mean, these alone also proves that the killer.
That the virus may not be the killer, but the killer is our paradoxical reaction to the virus.
I mean, in New York City, in New York City, we're supposed to believe in New York City that in four weeks,
almost 25,000 people died.
That's an extraordinary pile of bodies.
And we have no evidence for it.
We don't have names.
We don't have graves.
It's extraordinary because that story was the, the inclined plane that they used to project what was going to happen in the future.
If we didn't absolutely lock down.
And I think that New York City is one of these stories that was told around the world as a warning,
not much different than blowing up two buildings and saying,
everybody's got to take their shoes off when they get on airplanes now because terrorism in New York.
I think New York City is almost, it's almost the people that have lived their long term.
I've really been victimized by these repeated exercises.
I think, I think in New York, New York was the, was the Bergamo of the United States.
I mean, Europe had Bergamo even nowadays.
If I explain all that stuff for an hour or so, what is the answer?
Hey, but what is with Bergamo?
Look at Bergamo.
What happened in Bergamo?
Well, in Bergamo, they showed, they showed videos of military lorries that transported bodies to the crematories.
Is this correct in the crematory?
How did this happen?
Yeah, well, the Italian government in Italy, most people are Catholic.
These Catholics do not want to be cremated.
And so they do not have as many crematories as we have in Switzerland or probably you in the States or so.
So the majority was not cremated.
So they had a shortage of crematories.
So they put all these coffins in a, in a, in a gym hall, in a huge gym hall.
Maybe, and then of course that there were some hundred coffins or so.
Then they, they filmed all this and they transported it in crematories far away.
And they did not use lorries or whatever.
They choose military lorries.
So that they could make the people believe, I got very such a crisis that even the civil authorities cannot match in it.
The military must be mobilized to do this.
This is, is most of the story of Bergham.
Wow.
Bergham also, so, in Bergham also also found something else.
In January 2020, they vaccinated 36,000 elderly people against mening or cocaine.
You can Google this.
It's in Italy.
You found it.
There are articles.
And I mean, they did this at the time and there was trends around where SARS-CoV-2 was around.
And maybe it was not a good idea at the time to, when, if you want to make, have a flu shot and you have a cold, the cheapy sends you home.
It says come back in a week.
It's not a good idea to, to vaccinate into people, vaccinate people who are already infected.
So this might, and the meningococcal, the vaccine against meningococcal is rather a dangerous vaccine anyway.
So maybe this could also have played a role.
I don't know.
But I need what I would do.
I would, I would examine the more people die in Bergham or who were vaccinated that were, then were unvaccinated, for example, against meningococcal.
There are, there were some hotspots where I'm not absolutely sure what happened.
It is also possible that in some hotspots, they released some pathogen.
Maybe even they turned on five chin and other specification or so.
I don't know.
EMF, EM radiation radiation is, of course, unhealthy.
I mean, what was interesting, I was never attacked as strongly as when I mentioned already in April 2020, that there was a huge correlation between severe COVID cases and 5G density.
But this correlation, of course, must not be causation, but it may be a hint for possible causation.
There was a Spanish study in Barcelona who actually showed this correlation as well.
But of course, that the cost could be that, of course, this 5G expansion is also part of the agenda.
They need to brought the bandwidth to install this whole control and surveillance surveillance and control agenda.
So this, this may be, of course, correlation without just be a coincidence.
But, but yeah, I don't know what happened in some hotspots, maybe, but.
I keep encouraging.
Also, in spring 2020, we had no excess mortality in Switzerland.
In Germany, they didn't have the Switzerland. This is the border to Italy.
Yeah.
I keep people, I keep encouraging people to not try to to explain what happened with one story, because if they were doing this on purpose, then they would have used lots of different means and told us it was all the same thing and when it made it even harder to figure out.
A poignant question that we didn't get to yet at what stage in your.
Because I tell the story on my stream that I feel like one of the big tricks of the pandemic was to fool all of us into arguing about whether this was a natural virus or a lab leak.
So that we would all accept the idea that something very dangerous is possible and it could come again.
And I think this was a ruse. I don't think we should have ever argued about where it came from and that whole argument wasted years and so much of our energy and time.
And now we have children running around thinking that laboratory viruses are especially dangerous and I think that's a horrible myth to perpetuate.
When did that come to Switzerland and what's the state of that debate now there?
Yes, it came immediately to Switzerland as well when it came and when it was the debate in the USA.
I fully agree with you, of course, Jay, I fully agree with you.
I mean, obviously, and proof, proof and again by the Nirokur.
Obviously, there was no pandemic of a killer virus.
And also this I stated early.
If you want to understand your enemy, go in his shoes.
If I was a psychopath who had the duty to plan such a pandemic of a killer virus.
If I was not suicide, I would certainly not release a killer virus that could hurt or even kill me as well.
Well, it is that simple.
I would choose a comparatively harmless or even no virus.
I must say, I'm not sure whether it was an RT-PCR testing pandemic by 95, 99 or even 100%.
I'm open to this.
I always take to 100% evidence and for the moment, the evidence for me is not enough to decide.
But that's why I say the majority was an RT-PCR testing pandemic.
But they're not completely sure whether what they're also disease called COVID produced by virus called SARS-CoV-2.
I'm not 100% sure yet.
I can tell you I can give you an interesting option to add to this idea.
Think about the possibility that we know for sure 100% sure that if they made the DNA fragment.
That they knew the PCR test was specific for.
They could put that DNA fragment anywhere.
They could put it in sewers and then they could test for it and they could definitely find it.
And we know we can make DNA.
And we know that PCR when the DNA that the PCR primers are specific for is present, it will amplify it.
So the whole signal that we're told they found could have been put there and found using the very techniques that they claim find a random pathogen going around the world.
And I think a lot of people are unaware of how easily that actual molecular illusion could be created.
I mean, it's not crazy technology.
It's very straightforward molecular biology.
If we took the spike protein DNA and spilled it on the floor in your office, it would sit there for months.
If not years and be detectable by a PCR test years later, depending on how well you cleaned your floor.
I mean, that's how durable DNA would be in that context.
There's even a paper.
If there was no virus, even if there was no virus, if the PCR test alone, you can create 100% of all cases.
In the summer, in the summer.
98% score.
It's basically the specificity 1.6% false positives.
And as I mentioned before, 100% of all these 1.6% positives are false positives.
And this goes went up goes up in the in the corona season that corresponds with the flu season in our northern hemisphere from November to April.
It went down to 92.4. So, the 7.6% false positives.
So this alone, even if there was absolutely no virus, if this test tested for nothing at all.
We got this seasonal curve with the high case high case numbers in the flu season and the corona season and lower case numbers in the summer.
This was also this was also something I realized early.
And what were the alleged risk factors to die from COVID?
It turned mainly the risk factors to die.
And what was the average age of the people who deceased from COVID?
It was the risk factor of all people who at least the median age of the people today.
So this is an also another hint.
I mean, for example, in influenza, of course, influenza is more dangerous with age as well.
But it is also dangerous for the very small children.
If the curve goes like this, small children, it goes down and then the elderly goes off.
But there it went, it went like just like this.
It was not more dangerous for the young people, for the babies.
Yeah.
As I said, this picture paints a thousand words.
And this understands any scientist and even any, any, every labor person.
I mean, anybody should show give me an explanation for this mirror image of the two curves.
Nobody could ever do it.
Okay, so now it makes sense to me that Switzerland must already have pulled their head out and everybody realizes that you're right, right?
Or are you guys still absolutely?
Unfortunately, it's the same in Switzerland as well as, as in the US, of course, we cannot get into the legacy media.
We will be here in new media, we are here in another new media.
This evening, after this, actually, there will be a discussion about the RKI files.
This is an important message.
I think that many Americans have not yet heard of this.
The RKI, the Robert Koch Institute, is the German equivalent of the CDC.
And there, a group of journalists around Pauschreier is also in Twitter.
They sued, they made an FOI request.
And they struggled two years in court to get the documents of the task force who was responsible, mainly the RKI, this Robert Koch Institute,
who led the government and the people through these alleged crisis of the century.
And what they found was amazing.
What is published now here is amazing and it even enters legacy media in Germany.
It starts to enter the legacy media.
I think this is really important.
There is a tweet that my last tweet is pinned up in English.
It's very important that this information spreads also because it was the same, of course, in each and every country.
For example, in spring, that the RKI found that this is not a specially dangerous virus.
And then there is written that person that is redacted.
This FOI, this release, these are more than 1000 pages, but they are heavily still, heavily, heavily redacted.
And then a person from the outside decided we have to upgrade the dangerousness of the virus. We have to upgrade it.
Yeah.
This is just another example there in tune.
The case numbers, even those those fake case numbers went down because in tune, there is no corona viruses around.
So in tune, even in tune, they sold us and I guess to you in the States as well.
They sold this.
They still stated it's highly dangerous. There is a highly dangerous virus around.
It's high still high risk. They made the people believe they gaslighted the people into believing that even in the summer.
They have to bear mosques at 50 degrees, 40 degrees Celsius.
And then there is no corona virus when there is only these 1% for positive taste.
And there is written in these files, but they decided not to downgrade the level of dangerousness.
And that this was, this was prescribed by the, this was by the federal ministry of health, the German federal ministry of health.
There you see exactly how the politicians told scientists, the federal, the health authorities, what to do and what to release.
For example, there is written yet that the case numbers go down. We cannot write. So person X, Y, redacted has the duty to find another formulation for these that the case numbers go down.
This is really, this is amazing. And I think this, at least in Germany, it gets traction in the, in the legacy media.
And yeah, I think it's important that we also inform the people in the English speaking countries and all over the world about this.
Absolutely. And the flip side of that or the mirror of that in America. And I think it was October and November of 2020.
Rochelle Walensky and a couple other people went on TV with a zoom with like three windows in it.
And they told us that for the unvaccinated, we could look forward to a winter of severe disease and death.
They actually said those words for the unvaccinated. You can expect a winter of severe disease and death. That's spectacular.
Oh, yeah, it's okay. They pulled no punches. They said, and they pulled absolutely no punches at all.
So do you have a sort of closing thing like what are your plans? What are you doing? How are you, I mean, have you kind of resigned to wait until people wake up? I mean, are we still fighting? What do we do now? I don't, I don't know other than I'm trying to
teach the biology and spend time with people that want to learn it.
Stuff that I was teaching already a few years ago, I'm starting to teach again.
But I still feel like an awful lot of people are running around convincing us that this is something that happened and that's going to happen again.
And so we need to elect the right people and enact the right laws. And I'm having the feeling that none of these things are the right thing to do.
So, I don't know how to encourage people other than one person at a time to try and like pull people out of this.
But where are you at with that? What's your plans going forward? What are you doing now?
I'm somewhat tired of the four years, of course, gathering always the same again and again, and I tried to explain it as short as possible.
For example, years ago, I treated the test is the past and all these stuff like this and stuff.
Yeah, I mean, I think the people have to realize two basic things first.
It was an RTP CR testing pandemic, or mainly it was.
Because, and I also tell the people, I guess you know this, but look, if you do not believe me, read the New York Times article under the title Faith in Quick Test leads to epidemic that was that wasn't.
That was published in 2007, Faith in Quick Test leads to pandemic epidemic, that wasn't that they described another edge to be of pandemic in New Hampshire in 2006, where they tasted 142 people positive for produces with a PCR test.
And then in bacterial culture, none of them, none of them, not a single one was positive in the bacterial culture.
So this was a 100% PCR testing epidemic. But this, this, this is exactly what they did here.
And I think, I mean, people who say, Oh, well, conspiracy theories, this was this appeared in the New York Times, New York Times.
In 2007, I can recommend it.
Did you know it?
One of my viewers already had the link in the chat before I could find it. I just found it now. That's really extraordinary.
It's really extraordinary.
And there are quotes, they quote, in fact, geologists and epidemiologists. And for example, one quote was something like this, that the most amazing for him was that he said that everything we did was so sensible at the time.
Everything is written there. Everything that the people are living in this belief system. If you are in the belief system, obviously, it looks somewhat consistent. I have hard to.
I have problems to believe it, but for them, it looks somewhat consistent. And they believe it like the climate scientists who are living in this climate scan, of course, they live in the belief.
If you are both in this context of the illusion, you cannot see or if you are part of the system, you cannot see.
You must also always take the outside perspective. These, for example, is important that the Westerners must, of course, watch Russia today, for example, to become an outside perspective on us.
I mean, there is the US Empire was first British Empire, then it became the US Empire. And honestly, I mean, the current, the currently ruling Empire is always the most evil party, because if not, it would not be the Empire.
Also, this we Westerners must realize, hey, we were not always the good guys, or rather the contrary. It is not these alleged Muslims who brought the World Trade Centers up in the air. It's rather us the problem.
These are the such insights, really, they hurt. They hurt, of course, you turn into you. When you when you have these insights, you talk about, yeah, after some times, after some times you advance.
And we have to overcome ideology, ideology, let's forget, try to forget ideology, just look at the reality as soberly as possible, whether we like the result or not, whether it is like it.
And I think I think you and me, we are curious by nature, we became scientists, we are interested in the reality, but even even if you don't like it, we must accept it is the reality.
And I always use the nature of both those caves. I think this is really good.
Most people are living in Plato's cave, and on the walls, they are is no longer that the shadow of the science projected on the walls.
But there is a huge flat screen, the legacy media project, different virtual realities on this flat screen, and 11 reality, the CO2 reality, the Ukraine reality, the pandemic reality, virtual reality, and the people are sitting there and they believe it.
And it causes our duty once we have realized there is an exit that leads to the sun, right, that we have to go back in this cave, whether we like it or not, and try to explain those people.
Hey, guys, there is an exit outside. There is the sun and 98 of the people outside are good, great people, nice people.
It's only 2% psychopaths, or I prefer to call them malignant severe narcissists, then you have not the debate or the sociopath psychopaths, whatever, they are evil people without conscience, without knowing, without empathy, without the most.
Those are the guys who are always through the empathetic humanity, they are wearing crowns in ancient times.
Nowadays, they have billions in their pockets, and there is even a multi-trillion layer level above them that is not even known publicly.
I mean, who is the richest guy? Currently, I guess it's Elon Musk.
Now, what is with the Rothschilds and the Rockefeller family?
They were the richest families for centuries, and they suddenly disappeared, did they suddenly published?
Oh, these are, of course, there is a multi-billionaire level, and these are on the multi-trillionaire level, and the multi-billionaires are the front men.
For example, Elon Musk is the front man for the whole technical aspect of a chain.
The 2030 or great resets or one health that is basically all the same, and then Gates is the front man for the pandemic myths, and they play a search and all.
These are the front men, these are the leading personnel of the ruling trillionaire psychopaths.
And yeah, we have to try that.
But someday I become quite desperate, but there is also hope.
For example, in Switzerland, we could vote three times that there was a referendum about the COVID law.
The COVID law gave the executive branch.
These powers, these executive powers were in an authoritarian regime.
The parliament was all of us.
For silent state, they took them out themselves by running away and putting on Musk and telling it's too dangerous when we meet.
And so, and this happened also in every country.
So, oh, now I lost.
I'm blathering a little bit.
No, no, not at all.
What did I want to say?
What did I try to say?
You were telling a story, but you just started it.
He had three referendums.
And although the maturity voted for the COVID law, so for these insane measures, by about 64%.
The youngest people, between 18 and 35, they rejected the COVID law by 56 or so percent.
This gives me hope.
Yes.
Well, we old guys, I'm a dinosaur, almost.
Sometimes we say, oh, the young people, it's not the same as it was.
No, this is, this is one hope of the young people, because, yeah, well, it's clear.
The young people, they informed themselves in other sources in the internet.
They do not longer longer.
Let people bought it by a new state.
They are not interested.
They do it with active search for, for, to get the wrong chances they want to have.
And another hope is that although everybody was, was propagating these chaps that, of course, are unnecessary, negative, effective, and life-threatening.
But I think everybody who is listening here knows this, so we have no two to repeat it.
But almost nobody takes these chaps now in Switzerland.
The vaccination rate now is close to zero.
And I think even in the USA, where the CDC still recommends chaps to even, even to children and even to pregnant women.
I mean, to recommend these to pregnant women, this was the first crime in this, in this insanity, in this genocide.
But this, this means that the people still realize, even if they do not agree.
And so still, they do not no longer take the last step.
I think they have realized it.
And that important things are, first, it was a testing pandemic.
This is the recipe for the, for the WHO to fabricate any testing pandemic against any disease X at will.
According to the same recipe with a nonsense RTP, PCR or RTP statistics.
And this, of course, is important now that David, that WHO wants to have global power that is above the constitution of every country with the new international health regulations and the pandemic agreement.
And the second important message is that it is not mainly the spike and the lipid normal particles that makes the toxicity of this.
My RNA vaccine platform.
Of course, those two are toxic as well.
But it is mainly the basic sin that every medical student learns in immunology.
In the first lecture, maybe in the second, what is the basic duty of our immune system?
It is to recognize nonsense.
So this was the basic sin.
If we, if we do achieve therapy, for example, for proper people that I don't know, do not produce enough insulin or so.
Then this is a protein of our own body.
This may work.
But if we inject the construction plan for a protein foreign to the body.
And this enters any body cell, even transfers is the blood brain barrier in the presentable area.
And there it produces the foreign protein.
It is a sales express and then present the foreign body protein and fragments of it on their surface.
They are recognized as known cells.
The white blood cells are policing around.
They see these cells carrying a foreign protein.
They think this is an aid.
We attack it.
And I think this is all also clear because what if the leaping on the part because made the main toxicity.
I think it would be very sharp.
The toxicity would rise more or less linearly.
If it was the spike, the toxicity should even go down with any every shot because there are more and more neutralizing antibodies.
But if it is dissolved immune attack, of course, the immune system is trained ever more by egg shot.
So that also did the dangerousness of the of the of the of this platform increases exponentially with every shot.
This was also shown by the neural curve.
The dangerousness increases exponentially with age about twice every five years.
And with those if every dose.
And he made this case in the book that was made not that hero, mainly Michael Palmer wrote it.
You know, it's DNA of mRNA toxicity.
You can download it for free or from our website doctors for COVID ethics.org.
And I think that there we also presented the book of the report card for the first pathologies to examine the job to victims and all this.
So the people must realize that the problem is not only these vaccines, but that the whole modified RNA vaccine platform must be forbidden must be banned because this basic toxicity will be the same.
Whether we produce a foreign antigen that is part of influence of source coffee to Corona whatsoever.
This basic toxicity will is to expect from a whole platform.
So do never ever accept not all.
There's a really good story that goes along with this that the mirror of what you said with regard to self and non self somebody who has low amounts of insulin is still producing insulin.
So it's still a protein that is a self protein.
The original example of this technology rolled out with a denovirus is this guy Jesse Gelsinger in the early 2000s.
He was missing a protein and enzyme in his liver.
And so it was not a self protein they put that enzyme back in his liver and for about three weeks he was fine until the autoimmune response hit and then his had catastrophic liver failure and died.
And so it is exactly the same thing here. It doesn't matter what protein you choose. I've been saying it for a while too.
I'm really happy that you zeroed in on that because the circular DNA that's been found in the shots is an added toxicity and an added danger that doesn't in any way preclude the already dumb idea of transfecting people.
So I'm really happy that you mentioned that.
How can you explain me? Can you explain me? How did scientists not all scientists like you? Not all doctors like me, not immediately realized this.
I mean, I stated this before.
I was interested in how can it stay in the muscle?
How can it only transfect the muscle? So I was looking for a receptor, obviously, for non-particles that makes them only enter the skeletal muscle cell.
And in December 2020, I must head to state that there is not, there is not.
So these three non-particles are deliberately chosen to enter any body cell, even the brain and the embryos embryonic cells.
This is absolute proof of intention to harm. I mean, there are many stupid guys around, of course, but some people in some key positions must have known exactly what they do.
I mean, not everybody who was involved in the production of the research, then in the production can be solved, so dumb. I mean, so, yeah.
Oh, you said it. I'm so happy you said it. I mean, I almost want to end it there because that's really how I feel.
This was criminally negligent. There were people who knew they knew because they've been using it. They've been rolling it out on cancer patients. They've been using it in very strict contexts and they've always known.
We've been using it. This is my argument. We've been using it in mice for years and years and years and all of those mice need to be sacrificed because if you let the transfection go, the immune response is devastating.
We always knew that. And it was shocking to me when I talked to my colleagues and they just didn't understand that we were about to transfect our grandparents and then our children.
Can I, I'm going to let you go because I know you have another show coming up and you probably need a break and I've already taken an hour and a half, maybe five or ten minutes, that is just one thing.
Yes, please go ahead, of course.
But also every lay person can understand.
As I said, we inject the construction plan for the production of a forum, a protein to the body.
This is a pro drug without having any control over which cells will express it in what amount and for how long.
People were out there. In the 16th century, they leave the guy called parazelsus and already he knew in the 16th century, it's the dose that makes something a poison or not the poisoned.
So already, because the individual effective dose, the little produced expressed excess effective dose was unknown.
It would be reason that this vaccine platform should never have been approved this alone, even if you have no idea about anything.
I mean, would anybody take a sleeping pill where you don't know if it's it's a physiological dose or 100 times more.
I'm playing Russian roulette with such a sleeping pill. No, and we play you play Russian roulette with this. And another thing is, I explain it like a shotgun.
It just destroys a certain amount of sales.
Maybe in some people, only in 100% in another one, one in 1000 in some people, mainly the sales of one or in another one more diffusely.
And the problem is the diagnostic problem is, for example, in the heart.
We can see myocarditis in MRI, if about one gram of heart muscle is affected. The heart is a base about 300 grams about one gram, we can see.
But this is a localized damage. Problem is, this damage is diffused.
So if you do not destroy this one 300 parts, it localized, but diffusing the heart won't see anything in MRS.
This, we can only diagnose if you have a sensitive specific marker for myocardial cell damage and this, luckily, we have a bit of a sculpture pony in T&I.
But why can we diagnose so many myocarditis close chopped?
Yeah, we have this marker for myocardial damage.
I'm absolutely sure if you had the same sensitive and specific markers for grain damage, liver cell damage, etc.
You would find about the same amount of subclinical or damages of those organs as well.
It's mostly the myocarditis can be most easily diagnosed. You can diagnose it.
To a pony, you can measure within 15 minutes in your practice.
You have to resolve what we have, not such a marker for diffuse damage in an organ, but it is this shotgun.
It kills a cell here, a cell here, a cell here. It's not localized damage.
Localized damage, you can see in the imaging, with imaging techniques, pulmonary embolies and myocardial infarction, myocarditis, things like this,
but diffuse damage is difficult. The same is if this dual diffuse activation of agglutination thrombosis, the activation of blood clotting in the smaller vessels.
We cannot see it with imaging techniques. We can only measure it, and then also we have not that specific, but quite specific,
and quite sensitive test to measure blood clotting, which is called D-dimer.
This is one of the first things we realized. We have to measure D-dimer in the people suffering from vaccine injury,
and I found many patients with diffuse symptoms that had elevated D-dimer.
This is not in every patient, but this is something that many do not realize.
It's probably got something to do with the fact that a long time ago, these lipid nanoparticle people already knew that platelets and the liver were the two primary places that it went.
I can only thank Heaven that you and maybe as crazy as it is, the guy who more or less discovered the complement system, had he not been on our team.
It's crazy to me how many doctors I talk to have no idea what the complement system is.
Never mind understand how that cascade might go wrong in this context.
Having sukred on our team was really, it's a miracle. If he wouldn't have been there, I don't know of anybody else who would have come to that conclusion on their own.
I would not have, and it's a really, I consider it really one of the main diamonds in our crown right now.
Had we not had him, boy, we would have been lost.
And had you guys not had the same teacher, maybe you guys wouldn't have found each other. I mean, it's all very, it's very much a network of people that we need to amplify.
He actually told us, he actually told us, you have to care for the patient.
You have to follow the interest of the patient, not the interest of someone else or of yourself.
You have to follow, you have to serve to the patient.
This also happened to me, have not to serve to have an authority to totally insane politician who has no idea, not the slightest idea what he's talking about tells us positions.
How we have to treat the flu.
I mean, how insane is this?
So this is good.
This good teacher was named Walter Segan Hallers.
Walter, Walter, Segan Teller.
Awesome.
Segan Teller.
This is his book.
Perferential Diagnosis.
This is from when I studied from 1993, actually, but yeah.
Very good.
Well, let's dedicate this.
We very learned something, and I always liked it.
I was always, as I said, curious.
I was always that I liked to the work of a detective.
I like Colombo.
Colombo was a great detective.
And he was a narcissist post.
Can you remember?
Always these blown up narcissists with their arrogance and ignorance and they thought, oh, well, this little inspector, if he's an old coder, he could never do we any harm.
And this is the same nowadays at the height of an age of narcissism that started in the 1970s.
Of course, all positions of powers are occupied by severe narcissists.
And above them, the severe memory of the narcissist.
I mean, look like look at these politicians.
The Boris Johnson or so.
He even looks like it.
Like he's not the only clan.
He looks like a clown and then me.
Yeah.
This is, we are living in crazy times, but I quite sure we are at the end of this age of narcissism.
And we have to return into the age of authenticity.
This is the most important people hate most of you.
We are great people.
We are kind people and pathetic people come down to empathy to authenticity.
We must live in reality.
We live in Plato's cave in virtual reality someday.
We will collide with reality for sure.
And this might be the end of the whole humanity.
This might be in the end in a nuclear war or so.
I mean, the French president, Macron, they are seriously talking about French soldiers.
There are already some, but they are openly debating about the possibility of a war of
the NATO between us, NATO and Russia that would end in a nuclear war.
I mean, when I was young, you could not even imagine that there could be a nuclear war
if it was not an act by accident.
But nowadays they are even talking about the possibility of a nuclear war.
I mean, how insane and evil are those people?
Yeah.
Just and as you say, you stated in the very beginning, you stated as almost over everybody
called it, there will be no savior, of course.
We must all realize the savior is in us all.
And the only thing, the only remedy for this is civil disobedience.
If they come up and put on the mask saying no, they can do a job saying no.
Just saying no.
If enough people say no, this is their end.
This is their end.
So it's, as you said, we can spread the information and make us immediate.
But of course, we're in the new media, but we stay in this bubble.
And I also think in the personal context, we must try to educate the people.
And one thing we have to consider always, we must make our information suits, the information state of the people.
There are people around to still believe every word they see on here in the news is right.
This is like a child that is believing in the Christ child, the Easter Bunny and the Santa Claus.
And those in those, if you come from those people, if the whole reality as we have perceived it by now,
I would never dare to say, I know the reality or the reality.
I know that I do not know the most important thing.
But if you come from them with all these, they refuse, they refuse, I often hear, I can try to educate someone for an hour.
And at the end of this hour, he says, well, it sounds somewhat reasonable.
But I simply refuse to believe this.
I simply refuse to believe that such evil people even can exist.
Hey, come on.
There was heat, that there was more, or there was darling.
Do you seriously believe they have all died that nowadays?
They call gates the force.
Yeah, you have to realize this.
And for those people, it's a good idea just to start with spreading some birds.
We cannot educate them.
They have to educate themselves.
For example, one thing I will always remember when my son was young, when the Santa Claus had left one time,
he told me, hey, Papa, beat the Santa Claus.
Not where the same shoes, like uncle, horse, horse is Swiss.
Well, who left before Santa Claus came in and came in after Santa Claus had left?
Stop.
This is how enlightenment works.
Yes.
Also, you and me, I saw a bird train center building seven collapse.
I thought, oh, my God.
I thought he's wrong in his story as well.
And then I became curious.
And I was not afraid.
I went down the rabbit hole and this everybody must do on his current level of information or another possibilities.
For example, you can spread that.
For example, in Switzerland, there was the papers wrote that is overcrowding of the Swiss ice use.
But if you look at the same date that these curve of the official curve of the federal office of public.
So there is no overcrowding.
The occupancy of the ice use is 75% and the same papers.
Five years ago wrote an article.
It's occupancy in Switzerland.
I see occupancy only 80%.
This is an economic.
This is too low.
So if you show them something like this.
Sometimes you can spread some doubt that maybe then people start to think.
I'll show that I really believe the yellow press or that this is the federal office of public health.
Something like this.
It must work like this.
So we have also if you meet some people, they must always realize first,
find out what is the current state of information and then.
A child started the kind of education to the level of it.
I think that's great advice.
Find out where people are and meet them there.
I think is really a great way to try and meet more people.
I think it's great.
I can't thank you enough for spending time with me this afternoon.
And I hope we can stay in touch and I can have you on again because I think.
I think this network needs to vibrate.
We need to keep promoting one another and keeping it and my stream is just starting to grow now.
So I have a feeling there will be more ways for me to connect you with other people.
So I'm going to promote your.
You don't have a sub stack.
Do you just have a Twitter and you do your thing?
I have Twitter and homepage.
It's a lousy homepage.
I have to create it once overnight.
And then everybody was vanished.
But it's called Thomas Binder in wonder.
Thomas Binder dot CHCH is for Switzerland.
Thank you, Jay.
You do a famous fantastic work as well.
I mean, you are amazing, of course.
I mean, it was an honor that you invite me here.
So please.
Yeah.
Well, thanks.
I really appreciate it.
Continue like this.
Yeah.
It's everybody does what he and she can and.
I always state people, please.
Do not only wake up to also stand up.
Give your spine a booster.
I told ones, give your spine a booster.
And if you do it, not if you resist, not for yourself, please do it for.
Life worth living for your children and grandchildren.
I mean, I had the good life after war in the western world, of course, almost everybody
had quite the good life.
But what is the future for the younger generations?
I mean, I'll show there would be slaves.
I prefer to be dead than to be a slave.
What about they want to have in 2013?
They always say, I was never afraid.
I sometimes dated.
Well, if you want to shoot me, just shoot me still from the front that I can look into your eyes.
And this is what they are afraid of.
If you are not afraid, they have a problem.
Because they're gaslighting mainly those over panicking the popular servers.
By panicking the pockets.
If you are not afraid, it's a large progress.
And also in this COVID scam.
I'm absolutely convinced that people sometimes died from from panic alone,
or at least it exaggerated the state.
I have a friend who told me he has a friend.
He had a sore throat.
He got the PCR test result.
And he suddenly turned pale.
Trembles started to tremble.
And he got these results.
And three months, three weeks later, he died in the ICU.
I see many people who have such experience, made such experience.
Panic is not good for your health.
Not especially when you see the whole world panicking and everyone around you.
This was terrifying.
And they did it.
They really did it to us.
We got to wake that up.
We got to wake young people up.
I think that's the people we want to get at.
Because if we turn to them as older adults and say,
hey, by the way, we blew it a little bit and something we should have spoke up.
We should have stood up for you.
There's a possibility we can still pull them out of the cave.
You're still young.
I'm old.
You're young.
Okay.
Well, I'm still young and I got lots of work to do that.
Thank you very much.
Enjoy your.
I hope you have a great presentation tonight.
Thank you very much.
And I will see you again soon.
I promise.
Thank you.
Have a good time.
Happy Easter.
Bye bye.
Wow.
Fantastic.
That is just absolutely fantastic.
I don't know what to say other than that.
This has been giga ohm biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
And I'm going to wrap it up right there because I don't need to do anything else.
Thank you to Thomas Binder for being on the show.
Thank you guys for joining me.
Please share the stream.
I'm going to leave it up on YouTube.
If they give me a strike, I've got I've got an extra one.
And I don't know.
Let's see what they do.
I love you guys all very much.
Thank you very much for joining me.
If you want to share this work.
It's a lot of different places.
And if you want to support it, it's giga ohmbiological.com.
Giga ohmbiological.com.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I'll see you again soon.
I just did an interview with Thomas Binder.
I'm telling you things are happening.
They're in a panic.
They don't know what to do if we ignore them.
So let's just keep moving forward.
Keep our arms straight.
Keep in those arms straight.